I'm in the best company Fran good
afternoon good afternoon how are you It's nice to
have you here man I wish it had been
for another topic But anyway today we have to
talk about this
Well we
imported before we imported olive oil let's
see what we're going to do Well first of
all I was asking you before
going on live about the
bite that you've had this week
your bite is going better it's going better
we should ask the snake no
the snake survived in the end it was in
pain survived it
survived
Well nothing man I'm really happy to
have you here but as I tell you I wish it
were for another topic Well in case there's
anyone who doesn't know what happened
because it's been like very
surprising news very sudden there is an
alleged let's call it alleged
Although El Chaval is already confessing to an
alleged murder in Thailand
specifically on the island of Copan which I
imagine will be an area like the
tourist area no Fran Copan is the island Do
you know what the Full Moon Party is the
full moon party in Thailand
Listen to that name like they were  in
that type of parties not a party it's a
party that every time there's a full moon they
throw it in a boat they go there and it's an
island where they throw it it's like a super
mega bottle party with alcohol drugs sex
everything all out of control no So it's
a party island party
not like the visa zone like
Ibiza multiply it by 10 the party is
a brutal brutal party luxury tourism
luxury parties not people of power with
people also normal people eh it's
backpackers who go there to spend the night
this moon party when there's no
moon party of the full moon
there are a lot of aggressors very pretty such very
expensive but that day is brutal I mean it
's brutal brutal but it's on a
specific day every night every time there's a
full moon every time there's a full moon
super mega bottle party Well look how of course I
had to ask you what was
this lung thing because
this kid after the murder goes to the
full moon I mean afterwards it's not that they
were partying it got out of
hand let's see I tried I tried
more or less  collect all the times
what happens that the information right now
It's like updating every now and
then suddenly they were saying
that he was a friend with whom he was going to do
business Now it turns out that later
they can start So he was a lover
then that the guy had a girlfriend and that he didn't
like men that he only
liked women now The guy has
come out in the last hour saying like
a kind of coercion not like
that like the older man well who
wasn't that old he was 44 years old but that he
had some kind of obsession with him like he
threatened him every time he wanted to
get away from him and so on the stories are
still with clamps with a lot of
caution although even though
information is coming out But of course everything let's see here
from here what we see what is said
everything is what you say you are alleged okay
theoretically he has made one or
two confessions but until he is
prosecuted obviously he is alleged I
mean he cannot be called a murderer or
dismemberer or this or that
because because because it cannot be
neither is it known how it was let's see you have
to  look at both sides you don't know how
the interrogation was we're
talking about the fact that interrogations are not recorded here
so if they want to
tell you that you killed David the gnome
they're going to get you to say that you killed
David the gnome I can assure you that to
a lot of people
the problem is that they have videos that have been
seen videos Well they are already there
the police are already filtering so that there is
no speculation
so that there is no fuss they are leaking
video They are leaking photos where
invoices where prior to the murder
plastic bags are bought
saws are bought knives
so of course I think that
look at the case do you remember a case
of Segarra who was another Spaniard who killed
another Spaniard here Bernard and it was
exactly the same modus operandi here
Six years ago a Spaniard was sentenced to
death and then commuted to life
imprisonment Segarra
who in Bangkok a friend of his was
suffocated by a businessman cut into pieces and
distributed in bags on the road
okay a Spaniard is now sentenced to life
imprisonment and he
is Spanish more than that killed  another Spaniard to
Bernal agreed they were both quite well
known in the world here in Thailand
especially Bernard was a businessman who
was in Burma Thailand and such who was
killed and it is the same modus operandi that is
seen I mean in the newspapers now they
are saying wow with the Spaniards
because it is the second one in six years that
a Spaniard kills of course for them a
Colombian as if he were a Latino
then of course
what the evidence that the police
gathered points to it was him but of course we have to
wait to see what really
happened because it is that maybe it was not the one who
cut up the body and it was someone who
helped him Thai or but what is clear
is that he is involved in all of this
because there are very strange things like the
hotel the hotel he entered and left he went to
another then they are very strange things it does not matter
the speculations of whether he was homosexual
or not homosexual if it was business not
business the police do not care
that is already part of the sensationalism The
important thing is what happened why he did it and
the sentence that could fall on him I
mean and here I tell you one thing here the
police are like in the whole world like in
Spain that all  years they throw water on
civilians and police and such there is corruption here
but if there is no money involved the
police are not corrupt
and here there is no money involved you
understand there are no drugs there are no animals there is no
human Traffic there is no
human trafficking here we understand each other if there is no
money involved or
someone powerful is involved they would not have because of course
In fact look here in the chat it
is again the same as the people there and
there on TV I was seeing that
also as if there are many people
wondering
let's talk about it Of course they could be
forcing him to confess or if they could
but of course that is what I am telling you you do not
know how the confession was Okay
now if there is an intelligent lawyer from
Spain who comes here and talks to a
Thai He will explain to him Look if he has the
evidence And you do not confess and you do not say that it
was you the death penalty will fall on you
if the proof is given and you do not confess it falls worse on him
than if he confesses Yes yes he
confesses you are collaborating with
justice I mean here there are here there are
several things a homicide
you will later explain the penalties
but here there are many things that  They are
included, that is to say, if he is convicted it is a
mess, it is a huge mess,
it is that in Spain I believe that if you have
a confession, another piece of evidence is added. I mean, it is
not like a collaboration but a
collaboration is already afterward, when it is there,
but it is like another piece of evidence that he
has, for example,
if that is worth it, if you confess it is worth it
because you are avoiding police work, you
are avoiding many things, so
here it is worth it, I mean, if you hit
someone and you go to the police station and you say,
hey, he hit this guy, the sentence is
always going to be minimal Compared to if you
are saying, I didn't hit him, I didn't
hit him, and on camera it appears that you hit him, it makes their
job easier and they prefer it. These are
mentalities, it
is a country, you think that it is a very
proud country, the people are very proud, it is
the only country in all of Asia that has not
been a colony of any country, it has a
lot of pride, a lot of pride, they are
governed by very old laws
and there is
one thing with the police, that if they
are doing their job well it really pisses them off if you
tolerate them. I mean, it
hinders me when  We are talking about
cases of blood and especially tourism.
They want to solve this as soon as possible
and they want it to be resolved. If it's a Thai, they
catch the Thai. If it's a foreigner, they
catch the foreigner. Why? Because [ __ ]
this country lives off tourism. So if it
's a Spaniard. Whoever did it and there are
tests, they're going to go after him, I mean, there's no
money here. There's no
power here. There isn't one because it's
something that for them is their pride. I mean, it
's not a case of
drugs or of them catching four
immigrants on a fishing boat that was being
brought to them or of animals, no, no. I mean, there's no
money and his name is here, his
face
has a beginning, they probably wouldn't even
know who he is. I mean, that will have gone
with time. They
probably knew that when they
had my son. I want to call my
embassy and it
goes as far as it goes, but what's going on?
Here it's
not that he's the son of a president, it's not that
that was taken out in Spain and that's it, but
here they really don't give a
[ __ ] Who he is, whoever he is, it doesn't matter.
Well, there are some images that they
have on camera of this. It's on day 2. He
picks him up, they're going to eat.  accompanies him to
his hotel after that I think everything happens right here on
the same day two, I mean, he picks him up,
accompanies him to his hotel, there is talk of a
blow, there is talk of a couple of punches, I do
n't know to what extent that would be
confirmed because if there is no autopsy
and an autopsy cannot be done, the clothes match
the clothes they found, the
clothes from the cameras match the
clothes they found
and then there were images, this
image in particular
Fran is supposed to be of The Boy. Now
just going to buy a knife and
cleaning supplies, knives, a saw, and garbage bags,
what's not there, what I haven't found, I don't
know if anything more conclusive has come out, have
you told me about the invoice or did I just
dream it, of course they must have gone to the store
and they are talking about who has proof that he
bought it, I
mean this. This is going to go very fast, everything
[Music] I
mean, everything, everything until the
trial arrives is going to be practically
speculation.
Today, apparently
on television, they said that he said
that he felt like he was in a cage,
like he was locked up in a cage,
but that it wasn't a physical cage, it was
a mental cage.  He wasn't
homosexual, that is, I mean, I
understood it on TV as a bit of a
strange thing. It wasn't like he wasn't like
he was very much like he
had a bit of a strange relationship, let's
say a bit strange. I don't know if it was for
business or if it was for friendship, but what he
said is that it was an accident and
then he decided to get rid of the body,
which is,
maybe it's a bad decision he made,
maybe it didn't happen, but if
the decision after an
accident is to cut a body into pieces
in a country that is not yours where you know
the laws are really screwed up,
you're crazy or you have a problem or you can
say that you've gone crazy or but of
course, you don't know if it really happened or
not. Now when he makes the confession or not,
the confession, but
everything that points to, and today they've said on
television points to this person. It's
also been compared to the
Segana case, it's been compared.
Exactly the same, the same
modus operandi. He kills him, cuts him into
pieces, puts him in bags, one throws it away, one
throws it in the Canal, this one throws it away in a garbage can
that I don't know.  he knows if he threw it or someone else
threw it at him but if someone
else threw it, go look for him yourself. What I
was telling you off camera, I mean, of course I
even thought I mean
let's wait, let's see if that's true, if they did
n't do it, if they didn't make him
confess and they're accusing him of
something else, well, of course he tells you, you're going
to Thailand, knowing what the laws are like,
knowing what the prisons are like, you're going
there to kill him and on top of that you're going to
instead of going back to Spain or whatever,
you're going to the police station with Tordes Caro to
report him missing, of course
you're going back to Spain, you're
going back to Spain, you're not going to a party
that day,
kill him, you're still going to kill him somewhere else,
agree with the North Pole, not in a brawl,
but maybe, let's see, maybe
a lot of people think it's very easy
because there's a jungle, why don't they
look, I don't know, I don't know, also, watch out, maybe it's
speculation and in the
end it turns out it was a Chinese man who
was passing by, who knows, okay
but it
's very strange because in the other case, in the other
case of Segarra, it was money, what they were
looking for was money and in fact they
caught him because he tried to withdraw money with
a credit card. This and that is
still unknown. I mean, the police have
said that it could be a crime of passion or
a crime for money, but they haven't
confirmed it, they haven't confirmed it so who
knows. I imagine that as the
days go by they'll start bringing out maids
among themselves called a thousand things that it's
as much as very new, it's not that it's
residentismo, of course. This is the
same image from before of the clothes that
the clothes look a little better. They
found them in the landfill next to
another one next to other remains, here
he goes with the photo
so there, there he
says that he threw this bag into the sea. This is
the bag that they say he threw into the sea
but
of course where the hell are you going with a
bag and coming back? And bag is that
just the fact of just the fact of
thinking about it, man, I mean, that you go with a
bag full of remains through a country that
is not yours who doesn't know how
traffic works, yeah  The police can stop you
because you are a foreigner because you attract
attention they
say well first they find it
straight in the dump they had already
found it before he himself
went to report it just hours before
he went to report it Of course because he
supposedly killed him he continues
his normal vacation
spending or three days he goes to the
Full Moon party and
after the party apparently he goes to
look for a kayak
which is like a little boat that I have I
think it is the exact photo of like a
canoe for the sea like one I think I think it is
exactly this one I don't know if it is
an example or it is exactly the same it is
like a canoe for the sea that everything maybe it
will be like very common
touristic people don't
take it and go for a
ride there in the calm sea or
apparently as he came from the party And
since he was drunk the girl
from the company didn't want to rent it to him and
he became very insistent I will
buy it from you and in the end he ends up buying it for a
thousand Well I don't know if they are talking about a thousand dollars I don't
know if it will be some other
Thai amount but I think a thousand dollars and
so it also seems that still for
example the head and remains that are
recognizable have not been found But it
was you who moved a person who is
supposed to have had a normal life well of
course you find this from
a psychopath a super cold person
who is capable of no longer cutting the
body but cutting the body wrap it
in a bag
put it everywhere and we are
talking about a kid who I understand has
had a more or less comfortable life he
has powerful business because he has a
powerful business And the thing is that you are left with the fact that you don't you do
n't know what to expect
from people man if it was
him damn it's really
scary because he is a
handsome guy very handsome who is doing well in
life with a good family
healthy I
mean it's like [ __ ] it's like it's not that it's that it's that it's like if
tomorrow they
find out that you killed the neighbor
downstairs and you've been feeding her to the
dog and people would say Hey but this
kid who is here I mean it's like
what happened I mean he's doing well he has a
family he has his dog he
works he goes on vacation you know he has
his parents such and such And suddenly they say  [ __ ]
Javi is feeding
the lady downstairs to the dog it's like
you wouldn't believe it well this is the same thing You see
the kid and you say [ __ ] he's a
really handsome guy the guy is a [ __ ] model he's a
guy who can't be stupid because he comes from a
good family he must have studied at a good
school he's a chef he owns some
[ __ ] companies you know I know you know maybe you
could have gone crazy some of these
things maybe he took some
drugs god knows and he went crazy they got into an argument
and he got paranoid and
all of a sudden he said boom boom who knows
But
he confessed
first of all what I said the confessions
here can be recorded they are not recorded I
mean You don't know if he confessed Because yes
because no Or because maybe he confessed
because he said let's see how do I get out of this
and it's better to tell the truth
well [ __ ] it's one of the best if they made him
confess
if they made him confess as soon as
there's a relative or a Spanish lawyer that's
known that's known  and what happens if it is
known if they had made him confess, well,
man, if they have all the evidence, let's see, maybe they
say that they forced him to
confess, okay, if they have the evidence it's
screwed, but I mean, I mean, if they
forced her to confess and he tells
the family, he
will confess, he will have to
prove that they forced him to confess,
impossible
if he has marks of blows, torture,
but I think that, I mean, here
when they force you to do something, you are the one who
disappears, okay. Here there are none and with a
foreigner, with a foreigner, they
have things very, very calm, I mean, they
can do whatever they want to a Thai, to a Thai
with a Thai passport and nationality, they do
whatever they want, but with a
foreigner they don't
have like more respect when a
foreigner is
much more careful, much, much more
careful, very careful. In fact, they have
him under control 24 hours a day so
that a Thai doesn't commit suicide, if he commits suicide,
Well,
a foreigner can't commit suicide because they will say that the
police killed her So when it is
a foreigner And it is something like that, I
assure you that they are very, very careful
and that's it  I'll tell you
one thing here is that there is no money
involved, there is no power involved, there is
nothing involved, it's something that
the police don't care about,
politics don't care about, I mean, it doesn't care about
anyone, it's really bad
for tourism because damn, tomorrow
any kid who tells his
parents, hey, I'm going to Copangan because
I want to go party, they're going to say
you're an idiot, they kill people there,
I mean, it's not convenient for them that there's a
movement here with this for the Thais and
now it's convenient for them to
find all the evidence to
incriminate him or that they're pointing
at him because what they don't want
is for this to be left up in the air, the first thing I
thought about was I remembered you yesterday and I said to myself about
my visit to the sanctuary, if I was already
afraid, it seems to me Fran that we're going
in this country if you don't mess with people
that you shouldn't mess with and you don't commit
any crime, let's see, I could have
left Thailand with all the
movement that there was, I haven't left,
I feel safe, you
understand, right  The thing is that I had a
life where we got into
things that were quite sensitive but
I live here I don't have any problems, I
mean I don't have any problems
Maybe tomorrow I'll have a problem but
up until now I don't have any problems what you
say I'm going to another country I feel
safe here I feel good has it happened to you
How crimes happen in Spain that in
Spain also
happen and these things happen I mean
bodies appear in the canal the
bodies appear in suitcases
bodies appear everywhere that's why I
tell you that this is a little bit has anyone had
help This helps like with the stigma
not like the fear yet these countries but
of course of course but really It's that this
happens what happens is that now it's a
foreigner who has killed another and on
top of that he is the son of an actor such and such
but of course it's not that on top of that the one who is
supposedly killing is a Spaniard
on top of that I mean it's not like Thailand
is the second Spaniard
accused there is one already that is convicted the
segarra but he is the second Spaniard
accused of killing and dismembering another
person I
mean it's the second Spaniard in
six years at least man that on
television they said today they were doing
like some kind  of comparison saying
before we watched Spanish football now
we see the dismemberers of Spain I mean it's that
eye
Estela Estela is brutal and of course brutal she
does what could be the embassy right now
of Spain the embassy of Spain
could be right now it could be the
host the embassy of Spain because it's
a move I mean it's a move sense
But why Because the embassy will be
in the procedures that they are going to have to
do now they are brutal they
are brutal I mean when the whole
issue for example there was a person
called Nuo who was the consul who
[ __ ] worked a lot to help us and
Yujin was not Spanish her children were
Spanish imagine now La Movida that is
going to have a thousand stories a thousand
stories but they make it they make it
easy no No yes yes yes yes yes
if it's not for
foreigners I'm telling you foreigners it's
not so difficult I mean for
foreigners
things are not so difficult
for me I don't know if they consider me a
foreigner or Thai Or whatever but
for me for example for many things
that you have of this other thing they don't
make it so difficult for you they don't make it for you  nothing
difficult Compared to the Thais,
taxis can have a very difficult time,
but with foreigners, I tell you,
I remember. When we were talking and they didn't
cooperate, they made it difficult for you. No, but the thing is, she's
Thai, she was Thai.
Well, you are Thailand too,
really, yes, but she was Thai,
so a Thai is a Thai, a
foreigner is a foreigner, that is to say, you do
n't want to have a conflict with another
country over a foreign criminal, you know. So they
take care of him, take care of the process, take
care of the evidence. With a Thai, well, let's
go, with a Thai, they can do
what they did to you and they remain
calm and then Yuyi comes out after 6 and a
half years and says, Hey, we're sorry, eh, let him
come. Don't worry, it's not a
criminal record, but that's in Thailand.
With a Thai,
with a foreigner, they're not going to do that
because it's a mistake. So if they convict him, it's because he
did it, that is to
say, if they convict him, it's because he did it because
they will have all the evidence
because they can't screw up. I mean, you
can't go and convict a guy because you
know, you can't say, you have to have
the evidence. So now we have to see
if he really confessed.  of his own accord we
have to see under what conditions and now we
have to see if if he
really makes
a confession again saying I did it
if now he makes a confession it was
me such and such it is because he wants to
avoid the death penalty
how long can we be talking about
Well as far as possible in the next few weeks he is going to have to
say something
for example that they put him there until there is a
date today
This is going to go to trial quickly This is going to
trial This is going This is going to trial this is not going to
take long because This is going through
criminal matters in addition it is a media case in addition he
is a foreigner
this is going
to trial at any moment
then he can appeal but he is going to
go to jail now I mean him if there is
a confession and it
is a blood crime because it is not the
same if it were drugs if it were animals
if it were trafficking it is not the same I mean then then
the laws are very strange okay
but
but if it is for blood he is going to go
to prison he has it he has it
being realistic but
apart from that let's see if he has done it
obviously is that if he has done it he
deserves a sentence if he has done it he
deserves a sentence obviously
poor thing  bad what's going to happen I don't know
what Let's see yes it's true that now we'll
move on to that I mean but what's going to happen to
the person who died exactly
yes it's true that now we're going to
get into that subject not the laws of
Thailand the prisons of Thailand and
all that But man we're going to start from the
basis of not killing anyone You have to
know where you are it's the same as
when it's that you have to know where you
are And where you live And where you are on
vacation or where you are That's why there are
a lot of people when they come and say anything
here in Thailand you can be careful be
careful because
because yes you can do everything you
want
but no don't cross the line because the
moment you cross the line they'll come after
you with everything they have I
mean because on top of that a foreigner is
exemplary I mean he's
totally exemplary it's to say Hey Thais
don't do this those who
come from outside do this
That's the story So the same thing that
got caught said no that I didn't that in the end they
caught him with everything with everything and for and
for continuing to say that he no that no
death penalty and then
this How was this they found the
remains too and  Exactly the same he was they
were friends
they were seen entering the house together
Bernal was never seen leaving the
house he went in and out with bags those
bags were found in the canal then it was
seen that after two days he tried to
withdraw money from an ATM he withdrew money from
an ATM and in the end
biological remains were found in the house just like that
he always said no but it was Of course
he went out with bags [ __ ] he went out with
bags that were the bags they
found in the canal
and he had bought Sierra he had bought
a radial okay he had bought bags he had
bought for rags he had
bought so of course they had everything
everything
condemned me that today I am
eager to know
not out of morbid curiosity but to try to find out
what he thinks is going through your head what is
going through your head Well of course It's that
today we also live in the
time in which if we buy it is
registered we are walking down the street and
there along the way 8,000 cameras on this
road at this traffic light or rather
located phone is located that we
were talking about when we did
the special here from Marta to the castle
that we were talking about in 2008 all
the  signs that wherever you
move the phone you're recording it
What are you doing, I mean, it's already been
this kid, he's suddenly lost his mind, he got scared, he did
n't
think, he thought all of a sudden, [ __ ], I'm getting
rid of this, he's taken drugs, I mean,
a boy, a kid what is
this kid what is he, is he Ken from
Barbie, I mean, he's the guy, he's the kid
Perfect, he's I don't know what he's like now in
Barrio A maybe now he's
anything but who he was the
handsome one, the strong one, this one is a guy he's a
guy who has companies that he's doing well that he's
doing well on YouTube that he's a cook
that he's handsome that he has a family I
mean, you can't go away like that it has to
be drugs it has to be that his
head has been read it has to be
something that he doesn't have that if it was him he
has no forgiveness I mean, yes it was
me, nothing concerns me in justice, let him do
whatever he wants, let's see that happens to me
and
not going to jail, let's see if it happens
to a relative but something must have
happened to him very strange, very strange for
this kid, I
mean  It's that the [ __ ] I'm going to say something
stupid that they're going to denounce me but because of
this kid you become a [ __ ] I mean he's
a very handsome guy
but yes yes eh me too
handsome it's what you say I mean he's
from a well-off family very handsome
I imagine he's into you it's that he
overwhelmed you or the other one had it already it's
true that the other one already had it in the
case always supposedly that it was
him that I repeat and we are still with
the information very fresh coming out okay
But
this now no that it has been commented
that the other one had him like coerced
and threatened him all day not that it is
an argument that they
have already reached a
tremendous extreme and he has thrown him a
couple of punches and maybe like The
kid is strong he hit him The
bad blow because in an adult fight I am
like very found the violence always
and another thing for that same reason because many
times maybe it is not like when we
fought as kids with one with the other you
throw a bad blow and you can kill
Someone
are you aware of the people about the evening
and thinks that these
syringes, these who hit people, no. I
mean, she had
a fight in the street, those of us who have been in the
street, you have been in the street, a fight
in the street, the second hit you are on the
ground. I mean, I'm always very
afraid of a fight, but when I'm very, very young, you can take
a hit or two at most, they can really
hurt you because it's not the
fact that they hit you, it
's when you fall. So the thing with
this guy, who maybe had a fight, who
maybe hit him, the problem here
is what comes after, that you have
desecrated a dead body and that, those
are already aggravating factors that must
be that he put it if it was like that, if it
was him, it must be that they got nervous, that at first he said, I'm in Thailand, this can't be, they're not going to understand me, they're not going to explain to me, I'm going to, I'm going to try to get everything out of the
way and then, well, that he
realized, even within
Thai law, those are brutal aggravating factors. I
mean, it's not homicide anymore  It's not
homicide, it's not there anymore, it's
premeditation,
trying to hide evidence, trying to
hide the body, dismantling it,
hindering police work,
desecration of a dead body, in other words, he has it
all, he has it all, let's
talk,
being realistic, okay, Fran, because I'm
seeing that there are a lot of people both
in the media and on social media, no, but
now they're bringing him to Spain, I don't know what, I don't
know how much, in the first place, the issue of
bringing him to Spain
because he's Spanish
and Colombian, the victim is bringing him to
Spain, no, look, it
says there, you're seeing it, Segarra, they
sentenced him to death,
after the death penalty, he had to
write a letter to the king for clemency so that he would
take it away, so that he would commute the
death penalty and give him life imprisonment,
and with the life sentence he has to spend
a minimum of eight years in
jail so that they can extradite him
to Spain, I mean, what people don't
understand, I'm amazed at many journalists
is that the crime was committed in
Thailand, so how are they going to
extradite you to be tried in Spain
or how are they going to  extradite after being
convicted for the Thai fin, I
mean, who can think of it? Who can think of it to
say if they catch you in Spain with a
gram of cocaine, okay, at the police station
the policeman says, come on kid, get out of the way. What
if they catch you in Thailand with a
gram of cocaine, it's 15 years in prison and
unavoidable? So of
course, when I
was listening to the journalists, they were saying no,
because extradition
can be done, but after a few years, which will be
in this case, if it's a life sentence, it
's 8 years,
the eight years if he is convicted, he
will be sentenced to life imprisonment,
minimum, and if not, he will be sentenced to the
death penalty if he is convicted, he
will have to spend eight years in prison here. And
then I did, like, will a Spanish prison make you?
Will a Spanish prison make you
extradited, will they be deported and
such and such?
But
no, no,
mother, and what it says here says: if the
deceased were a Thai citizen,
but since he is Colombian, everything
would change, no, the crime was committed in
Thailand, I mean, it doesn't matter, let's
see, let's see. It's that  you can't it's just that it's
a bit of understanding
things You can't I don't know rape a
girl in Spain
being Thai and and that they condemn you in
Thailand, I mean they're going to condemn you in
Spain then you'll have to serve
part of your sentence in Spain and then they
can extradite you to your country but
obviously the sentence is where you
commit the crime the sentence is where you
commit the crime
so it doesn't matter if you're Thai or
Spanish or Russian equality
and if later the Colombian justice wants to
bring you to justice Well I don't know
how that will be but whoever they condemn him
here he's going to have to spend some time in
the Irish booth it could be six years
eight ten but let's go it's going to take a
while Surely sure if he's condemned if he
's condemned that's already agreements no I
mean if first they condemn him and then
once the extradition is requested this and they
accept the traditions then an agreement they
make Hey look at least
here the minimum is eight years with the
condition Maybe it's one year watch out maybe it
's one year I don't know but Segarra who
is sentenced to life imprisonment is going to
have  that spending eight years in a
Thai prison to then be extradited to
Spain my goodness then the case is
exactly the same it's that the case is
nailed down it's a guy who kills another guy the
Spaniard killed a Spaniard because Segarra
killed Bernat who were both Spaniards
here it is a Spaniard theoretically he has
killed a Colombian and it doesn't matter if he was
Colombian or American in other
words it has been in Thai territory in other
words
the crime has been committed here it cannot be
judged or judged to send it somewhere
else
because then people would do this here they would
come Thailand he would kill his cousin he would
go to a party
in the street that's why what I was telling you
if he had it premeditated which I think
not I think that what he did arose
there and he messed things up while he was there but
of course then if you had it
premeditated no it's not you go to Thailand meet
him there do it there I think that I
mean if it was him something happened And
from there it has been a series of
erroneous decisions totally erroneous
that have led to this but I don't think it is
premeditated and if it is premeditated
you organize it better or we are going to a much better
country you do not take it to a
tourist island you take it to a place where I do
n't know you go to Madagascar or you go to the
middle of Africa and you take it in a
Jeep you understand and let the
lions eat it I mean if you have it premeditated
Hey we are going to a Safari to Africa you get
kicked in the ass by the Jeep and there
the lion caught you [ __ ] a lion ate it
But the thing is that I think that here it has been an
accumulation of things that have been coming together and
in the end it has been like this If it has
been him that still until
a few days will pass but in a few days it will be
perfectly known what happened and that's it
And
what do you want me to tell you this is not that you
hit a guy with a car
and you killed him accidentally or that no it
was really him I
mean the worst is the worst is the after
the worst is the decision you make to
cut up a body throw it in the [ __ ]
trash What would have happened Fran For
example if
we imagine almost a  accident the two
shaken and Hey look he fell and hit himself
and you call the
authorities explain it does it have a chance
that they understand it
Yes or rather here for homicide a
homicide can get you eight years in
prison
and there and there if there are pardons there yes you can
go to the royal pardons there are
pardons that are given every year for
the king's birthday, for the
queen's birthday for this and that And there you
can access then there
in a homicide let's say
involuntary whatever you want to call it I don't know what
those things are called but a
homicide you kill without cruelty without
premeditation or in other words a fight you are in
a bar you fight with someone you
punch him and you have killed him okay you can
get eight years in prison ten years of
prison it is difficult that they get you 15 you can have
10 years of cancer that is to say
at 6 years you are on the street
or in other words there It also happens like in Spain they
sentence you to eight and you serve four
in crimes of that type yes it can happen and
in crimes of robbery in crimes of such in
drug crimes there are no  I mean there are no
pardons but in crimes of and in crimes
of human trafficking there are no such
pardons either but there are many pardons that
all prisoners receive annually of
Maybe they reduce your sentence by two months, six months,
one year,
good behavior there is the same okay What
happens is that you have to be with
sentences for crimes
of crimes but the thing is that the drug crimes
are worse than the one for the blood
because of motive and the political corruption crimes are
much worse than the drug crimes I mean
there are people who have a thousand or so years in
prison and they will never get out of jail
political
for example because because they have
taken public money because they have taken
advantage because they have taken advantage or in
other words things that
in Spanish happen on a daily basis and that are
laughed at here they go to jail
no So by doing it that's why There are
very few people want to be politicians and there
are so many coups d'tat and the
military has the power every so often and the
drug issue why because they have it
more context has been
changing now for example
marijuana is It is I mean people
can smoke joints you understand it has been
legalized to avoid a lot of
problems on the street this and that
but the  The drug issue is a very
old law that has not been adapted and now they are
trying to make adaptations
because the drug was from zero, from
zero
to 10 grams, it was a sentence, that's why
when they sentenced Yuli it was
0.005
and the sentence and the Bach that she was wearing
was for five milligrams of
cocaine which was equivalent to 35 cents of
a euro, so
you could be sentenced for what And that has
changed now,
that has changed now, so
things are changing because they were real laws
that were in place for a long time and
now, well, they are adapting to the
times, but I'll tell you one thing,
the justice system in Thailand is like that of
Spain, like that of any other place, it has
its justice system and we have to abide by it. But
tell me, I understand that, then it is supposed, supposedly,
that by logic
this should cause what there is on
the streets to be more security and less
crime. No, because if you have this
type, he understands it in Thailand. Look, one
of the things that surprises Cristina
is that we go to the supermarket or we
go to the module, we go somewhere, I
leave the car open, I leave the money from the
car, I leave the phone  of the car, I mean,
here they can steal from you, they can rob you, they can
kill you, they can do a thousand things to you, but
Thailand
is 100 times safer than Spain. Of course,
but 100 times, I mean, I was
drinking a lot and they stole my
phone, but without realizing it, I
go somewhere, here I leave my
phone, my wallet, they don't steal from you, people it
's a question of education it
's a question of values and morals
that there are thieves, yes, there are rogues, yes, a
tourist area like Benidorm, which could
be the need also that
day to day life, it's a super safe country, it
's a super safe country and especially
for kids, for
children, they don't touch your children, when the whole
issue I want what the sons
of [ __ ] told me was, don't worry, we
don't touch the children. I
mean, we don't touch them and not you because you have to take
care of the children. Say,
here there are some very strange, very
strange, very old values, but but Thailand is much
safer than Spain, I'm
telling you, but also I'm telling you 100% 100%
Well, first of all,
politicians, we would have to look for them on
YouTube, well, there would
n't be politicians because  It's just that it's done here, let's go, in
addition, since the
military is always on top,
the military is always on top of
everything, I see corruption. Boom, they get
involved and they have a power that no
one else has, so people are
very afraid of that because there are people, I'm
telling you, who are sentenced to a thousand or
so years and they know that they're not going to get out of
jail, and people, it doesn't matter if they're 60
or 70 years old,
so it doesn't matter how many years go by. You
have the best behavior and whoever
takes it, it doesn't matter, then you have a
corrupt side. But look, one of the things that has been
solved here with the
military coming to power is that they changed a
lot of judges, many judges went to
jail, they retired, but a lot of
judges and I was starting to see military trials. So,
thanks to, thanks, in exchange for judges
and how about I can finally introduce the
Yuyi issue, if not, I wouldn't have been able to, it
would have been impossible because we're
stopped, it was stopped, it's taken all
week, you're going to be able to get the paper and they
rejected it, they rejected it until a
judge who came from the military came in. And he said, let's see, he said
this. What is it? I remember. So,
justice has been changing, it has been changing,
it was  very corrupt for years
but the country has been regenerating in
a way that sounds very bad what I'm going to
say but thanks to the military
or rather it has an image like it's a
dangerous country like of course it
is a
super safe country I tell you super safe
people are surprised that I leave the car
open I leave it on I go into it I
go into the supermarket to buy I leave it on you
leave the things
inside it's that you
shouldn't do it is like that then what
can happen to you is that they rob you for a day
for sure but look at me the only time they
tried to
steal my car it was a
foreigner who got into the car
that was started and he had taken the
supermarket and when I left the
supermarket and a guy inside the car it
was already a foreigner
So the Thai have very
good and very bad things but there is one thing that
is Clear
here you don't occupy a house
the people come for you the whole building
comes for you I mean you don't occupy Nothing happens
but well it doesn't even cross your mind
even
at home someone and by law you can
kill him and it will be self defense because
you are  family inside say it's your
property
if someone enters your house in the United
States it's like the United States the
law is the same as in the United States your
house your house is your temple and where
your children are even more so,
private property private property is respected
and it's respected a lot then there are other
very bad things Thailand everything you
want of such the same but there are things like
that that in the end you say Hey it
could happen to you that tomorrow comes and
kills me here but but do you feel safe or I mean
you feel safe you don't feel at
night for example and on the street and that I don't
go out at night anymore but
but the night will know the typical fights
of the kids who get drunk such there
will be Well of the brothel places of
such Yes but in the center like if you go
through the center of Madrid through the Gran Va
or here through Seville Well yes calm down
nothing happens calm apart from that the
Thai has a thing that if he sees something
busy he starts to help get out Thai he's not
going to start taking you out with the video
Thai he gets into you I mean weapons were allowed we
all have a soul Yes but like
firearms and all kinds  you
can carry weapons yes yes I have them at home there have always
been there have always been it is your license
and you
have to register the alarm register
the bullets it has like the same and but it is
necessary in case a crazy person breaks in
and if a crazy person breaks in you shoot and then you
ask
amplified is that if you are in your house and there is
a guy inside and you have shot it it is
because you feel in danger and the
family here is the center then
occupy me here when I explain it to him I
have the godfather of my children who is a
godmother now that he is transgender no And
of course he went to Spain with me a couple of
times and now when I tell him about
the squatters and such And I don't know how much he
tells me but but let's see or
rather he doesn't understand I mean they can't understand
how a person can break into your
house and you can't get them out it
is something incomprehensible that maybe there are
people in Spanish
see strange things from Thailand not like for
example in the east they eat dogs you
can see how But why but for a
Thai to
see that someone breaks into your house and
you can't get them out or I mean it's like
saying Hey they are  raping your
sister do something and say No man if she
wants to come back that he raped her it's a
thing like that it's like no but not that you can't get her
out that the authorities can't get her
out yes
opportunities or anything I mean them
taking away your house is like not understandable around
here of course people
people are a little like years ago
when our parents spent 30
years to buy the house and the most
important thing was the house and it was the house and
the grandmothers took care of that the house of the little
vase this because it was all they had
was their house and their 600 or their inca or
whatever well here it's the same You
have your car and you have your house you don't
have more
so how are they going to take away that that you've
worked for your whole [ __ ] life you know it's
like no man they can't do that to you it's not
possible it doesn't make sense none of us would be
talking Fran about what this then it's not we wouldn't
be talking about this case doesn't
say Thailand is known for its harsh
law and Penal Code according to it
homicide can be punished with life imprisonment
or a period of imprisonment
between 15 and 20 years however in
extreme cases  The death penalty could be applied,
although this measure is
rarely applied. Currently, it is always
commuted. It is commuted with a request
for clemency to the king.
Twenty-something years ago there has not been a
death penalty here, 30 years, I don't
know, I don't know, there isn't one.
The death penalty is not carried out, the king always
commutes them. You ask for clemency and the king. The
king of clemency, that is, the king of the
commutes, but you are left with a life sentence,
which is what I am telling you. It could be 68 or 10
years here and then if you are from a
foreign country they can take you away if not, you are going to
eat here 30, 35 or 40 years in
prison,
but we would not be talking because, as
is what you told me before off
camera. Listen, this was not a good thing. This is
not valid for this case, it is not valid for this
case, it is not valid because this is not a
homicide, this is a homicide with
brutal aggravating circumstances, which is a pain. It's that there
are a thousand things that have happened,
then
aggravated murder, that would already be
aggravated murder because he
can say whatever he wants.  but what
comes next shows shows we don't
know if it's malice if it's hatred if it's
premeditated if it's not I mean how do you
kill someone and you don't call the police
or not I don't know or you try to throw it out the
window like it fell out the window
I don't know you don't just go and
buy things and cut it into pieces
put it in bags leave it in a trash can
and then go party I
mean if it was like that it's screwed if it wasn't like that
then go get married but if it
was like that it's screwed look here it says
when he's served eight years in
prison he
almost wins now let's take a look
and let's talk about the issue of
prisons there we were 88 years in
prison whoever they sentence him man I mean whoever they
sentence him forever this is
better to die no I mean death is better let's
see in the case of this guy if they
sentence him he knows that in eight years ten
years he'll be in Spain but the
prisons here are not like in Spain where
you can play ping pong or  be here
they play ping pong with your balls or so
this is it is a type of here the prisons
are punishment here it is a punishment here it
is not a half prize or a good one it is not
so bad either Here the prisons are a punishment it does not matter
and they are going to treat you the same if you have
stolen
a car as if you have killed someone you go
to the same place, I mean you are going to be
within a group for example someone
who violates this type of crime
rapes things to children for example
that does not last two weeks in jail
that is as if it were a death penalty you do
not put them there you kill them well go in and
in and out that is not that besides that
in any cancer in the world but here Well
imagine Therefore now there will be
few cases no It is
that here things do exist yes there are what
happens is that normally they commit suicide
before being there because they know what
awaits them or rather what awaits us I mean
a child rapist of girls
no or I mean it is that I do not know let's
look at the one who killed the children how about
the first thing he does is commit suicide on the
street right before it's not that here that of he
tried to commit suicide here it is not worth it here they
try on us  commit suicide here they commit suicide I
mean in Spain a lot of times you say he
killed his wife, he killed his child and then he
tried to commit suicide it doesn't bother me you
kill a person and then you
're capable of committing suicide I mean you're
capable of shooting him three knives
and then you're not capable of committing suicide I mean that's
[ __ ] that's [ __ ] up that's what I have to
put in no I wouldn't
even need to breathe because Michael
cobar piece of [ __ ] but here they commit suicide and
if not crimes of that type with children and
such it's that no they don't happen three days they don't happen they don't
happen I mean
no and Ah but let's also see it must be said
that foreigners are looked after I
mean the same thing they don't want now
years ago it was different Now a case of a
foreigner Like that is a media case and
obviously what they don't want is for
something to happen So the worst of the worst will not be there either
But he will be in that prison
And that prison has nothing to do with
a European prison nothing nothing nothing to
do I mean he should forget to give a hug
to his parents or his brother or his cousin
because no because Yuji took a long time to give it to him
a hug to his children nine months ago
and it was because Messi Messi and Barcelona They
asked a very important guy
who was in Barcelona a little table helped
Messi
Yes that was something that they interceded
from Barcelona this type of Question
this guy led Messi met
Dani Alves and in fact it was Dani Alves who
told him Hey you have to see your
children
That was And it was when they saw their
mother for the first time for nine months
my mother mother and then
once a year once
a year man to be able to hug her to be able to
give a hug see her once a week
and they go to see her between glass or something maybe not
dirty glass I mean I
brought him food but I
mean for me that Yuyi got out of jail
alive and in good condition it cost me
a lot a lot of effort but above
all a lot of money and we're talking
about the number of women that I've been I've been
talking about the number of women who are More
knowing yes I've been watching because it's
difficult to find videos images from
inside and these things because what happens
inside the prisons of these countries
well
Asia is different Asia is different
It's complicated for them to be recorded that there are
That  it is not known what happens inside
prisons but although it is already a matter of fact,
the one for women who is seeing how she
slept is seeing
some images that I have found does not
capture any because as is not the case
today but it is
infinitely I would say Fran
infinitely different from the man's, I
mean the man's,
well here we are seeing
this has nothing to do with it, I don't know, it will be a
cell Or what it is, I mean, over there I do
n't know if it will be Thailand or not but come on, that's it, that's it, that's it,
the prisons in
Asia are like that
forget about a cell you have your
little bed and a television and you can No, it
's not you sleep where you have to sleep
where you catch I'm going to, I'm going to put on a video
Frank with your permission of what they say
is the worst prison in Thailand I don't know if it
's true did you know that you knew that the
prison in Thailand is considered one of
the worst prisons in the world
known as the prison of hell
bank it is famous for its
inhumane conditions and the brutality of its
guards
the resources live in small,
overcrowded cells without access to drinking water
and without any basic hygiene, furthermore the
violence and the beatings are  common and
many inmates are tortured and
abused by prison guards
the prisoners also have to do
forced labor and live with
infectious diseases despite
efforts by
human rights organizations to close the bank it is
still operating and is considered
one of the most dangerous and
brutal prisons in the world Do you like my channel let's
see everything is exaggerated to the
limit no but
but
in a prison in Thailand it is not
a European prison So maybe it
looks very dirty but for a
Thai for a Thai who is around doing
drug dealing it is the prison of
Thailand I mean you can't compare
a prison in Europe with a prison in
Asia you can't I mean you can't
compare it Why For hygiene for
resources For space for everything that they
torture them if
hitting someone with a baton is torturing them Well yes they hit them with the baton and it didn't matter if you paid or not paid to protect it they hit them But it has to be the sport bad or do something or Because yes because you look up instead of looking
down I mean or you
comply  100% everything absolutely
everything or have a host
I mean you are there to you are
there to not want to return
or in other words, whoever enters prison here
wants to return I mean no no it's
better let's go for this this
we have seen in the video is that you get 8
years like for example you are telling me
what this boy can spend there before
going to Spain
better death I
think eh look when I already entered
prison I told him You have two options commit
suicide or endure it is that you have no
other I mean
what we can't be is every
day with oh oh oh or you put balls
and in the end look but there are many people who
can't stand it many people who are not able to
bear this for sure and there are people who
get sick and there are people there is everything there is
everything then there are people who have
their family outside and for them it
is a suffering to have children and say
Hey I'm going to go out to be with my children
or there are people who have a wife or
people but someone who has nothing
you say every day like that and of course these
prisons have a double has a double
squeaker in the end he can get out of there so he does
n't want to come back Or you can get out of there
like the worst rat in the world
You think that after going through there
someone can get out man with hatred
with hatred can come out brutal to life
yes but if now after he manages to get
out you start to mess things up again to
be inside in two months But you can get
out it's that he can get out touched in the
head
the kid throw these days these nights
he is he is with the police he is with the police he is in jail and The jail will also be tough no no you are not alone he is alone and he is guarded 24 hours a day by a policeman so that nothing happens one one or two months ago we were talking here about Well here not where
the kids of a kid in darrechi
this one you remember in the liba he was
chosen by kicks with some
television cameras at an airport and they
put him in jail for three days in
Mexico and well the description that he
gave was of the jail something like that
eh a cell
but it's that jail I mean in a case
like this people
in a case like this  people are
very careful The police are
very careful that nothing happens to him, I mean
the first thing they said is that they are
guarding him so that he doesn't commit suicide
so imagine the care they must
be they don't let him wear shoelaces or
shoes or leather things nor can they
give him metal utensils or whatever why
Because there are
a lot of people who commit suicide
[Music]
here they are very careful with a
foreigner they are very careful I mean
here they haven't even hit him even one blow they have
n't hit him yet there were
some images but of course this is
people are already speculating that I don't know that I don't
tell you I don't know why taking
these photos no and people were there look look he has
a scratch on his back
like well let's see this he can
do
this to me I can do it in the shower
let's see that it's not that now there is
a lot of speculation the problem
with this is that
until a few days pass you can
speculate about what can happen to him,
what can't happen to him
but the truth is that until he
says what happened and
everything is clarified it will be clarified in no time  in
no time they will go to trial and there will be part
of this part of the other but let's
see how it seems to me such an
extremely
Absurd thing for what I was telling you for the type
of person that such and such is Or has he
gone crazy and a psychopath has come out
from inside that he didn't know existed
or is it someone else who did it or
really
the world is already going to [ __ ]
because of course whatever it is whatever it is
Sandra quickly finally we are going to
remember some Well let's remember we are not
going to see some images of how
her father spoke that he is already on his way
there well he will have arrived no Fran
No he will have arrived yes he will arrive quickly
two weeks ago these images the father
speaking there is
one who is not so much a child anymore he is 28 and
not that one goes by on the other hand
what a bad bohem and a restaurant
and the girl is like that she is 8 years old at the moment he hasn't
decided anything but he shows promise he has
a sister he has an 8 year old sister
too well he has ruined the
Father's life and he ruins the life of the whole
family
if he is convicted it is a huge blow
for the family for him obviously
convicted
the hard the blow most  It's hard for the
family of the one who died
obviously Well
that blow is the worst for the family
for the family of this boy it's a it
's a devastation
for this man Rodolfo Sancho who is a
beloved man in the world of cinema and in
the world of actors and so on some
Torres busted and now he's going to take it
can happen to you with any son I mean you
can have a son Like that you can have
a roasted son but
but damn it's a devastation
psychologically it's a devastation Because
you also have to adhere to
Thai laws, to Thai times, it
's not that you're doing things the way you're
used to it's a country, a
culture, a different way of doing things
then You arrive here to see
your son You have to wait you have to
take a paper you have to this you have to that you ca
n't go every day you ca
n't go whenever you want you have to
ask through the embassy and
then the embassy will do it for you it makes it
very easy for you I mean then the truth is we have to
recognize
that the Spanish embassy here works
very well in that sense I mean because it
's not easy It's not easy to deal with the
Thais there in jail and they
make things quite easier for you, they made things quite easier
for foreigners,
okay,
I remember in this, I remember that
mommy looked at me, that this, this person
Nez who was the consul
fought to help and always said, damn,
if I were Spanish, man, it would be
easier than hell to go
today for this for the other.
So they will help them because they will help them
from the embassy but it is not a
country that is 17 hours from Spain by
plane and it is a country that
will be a kid who is in a place
where he will no longer know what air
conditioning is with temperatures of 50
degrees,
very handsome kids to be in those
prisons.
Well, everything here, everything, everything influences but
anyway, as I tell you, we
try to take care of foreigners because they do
n't want
absurd international conflicts.
Well, yes, but I mean
inside the inside of jail, no, a
kid is
not going to get out. The same never, never came out
very strong but he will never be the same
person, it never changes you forever in
many ways, in many ways, it is a
drink.
life
you can adapt but but you who
know you know the person you see them
when they come out And even if they try it's never
the same person ever What do
people say I think people don't understand me
when we're saying
handsome no it doesn't
mean that they're going to [ __ ] him in
jail it doesn't mean that he's a
kid who is handsome who dresses well who
is used to doing his exercise to
having his life and there he's going to be a
beggar basically he's going to have to
be a beggar and get used to being
a beggar he's going to lose his hair they're
going to shave his hair
etcetera
just as he comes in not so that he can be pointed out
as if he's the new one no no to
everyone it's that everyone wants you
shaved they
have to go Shaved everyone of
course he's going to lose his body my goodness the
father now when he gets there he can
see him easily he talks to him and so on
while now he's not convicted that now he's
not convicted he's in
custody but he's not convicted another
thing will be when when he has a
sentence or when he's already released from jail,
contact Forget it Forget the
hug and that Forget it, I mean,
the hugs are now that later he is not
condemned or can leave, well perfect,
but if they condemn him
the hugs will be minimal, yes it is
true that Well, I think it is
logical what neighbor,
that the father is not to blame for what
the son has done is that I am seeing that
all the social networks Well, in fact,
in the last photo of the man they are
filling him with insults, there are many people
even like people find out here
on the internet about things Well, here on the
internet and in the media they do not find out
how they want to find out and they interpret
things as they want to interpret them,
there are people who are directly in the
photograph of the father on Instagram,
murderer, that they have killed a man, I do not know
what, I do not know how much and in the end it is
true that the family is not to blame
But the image of the father, whether you like it or
not, and I think that the father's job is
going to be screwed up in some way Because
now the father, look at you
forever The father's, the
sister's, everyone's because it is a
pain,
I have experienced it
with my children, my oldest son does not want to
go back  Thai day
Yes but we can't compare Franz I mean
here we are talking where yes yes but
what I want to tell you is that it affects you, it
affects you and people close to you affect you, I
mean
no, not because of shame I mean the
family, it's not because of shame that they
call him a murderer whatever because the
father is a guy, he
's a guy and the family will say well Say what you
want it's the pressure of having
a loved one
who is there in a [ __ ] up situation
and that you can't change it, that it's
impossible to change Yes but it's not that they're having a
bad time because of yours Besides it
's not an injustice but apart from that they're
suffering because a person that you
love is suffering, no and obviously for
example in the case of a father he would prefer to
be going through the bad time than the
son and put himself first and pay for it
for the son but in the matter of his
career this man who is on El
Hormiguero doing interviews
everywhere whether you want it or not you go differently it's
going to affect him because on an emotional level, on an
emotional level it affects you Well at that
time I fought with you, I fought with
Dallas, I fought with, I fought with everything
don't you remember  I used to fight with
everyone because because your head is
unhinged. I mean, you're in a you have
a persecution mania you have a you
know you want to kill someone you want I used to
fight with everyone at that
time I mean I was the one who jumped with
the bullfighters with the others with those from
here with those above with those below it
was all continuously. So it drives
you crazy it drives you crazy I mean you
really lose the notion of
reality or of pausing you lose the
notion of pausing because you think that everything
is against you that everything is unfair what's
this and it's because what's
happening hurts you then it's going to
affect them Obviously it's going to
affect them how is it not going to affect it it's going to
affect the whole family But in addition
this breaks families
this breaks them together but it also breaks
families in what sense does it break you
mean man
with other second-line relatives
Maybe not first-line It's that the
pressure that you're under
first is to endure insults what
you say endure insults endure
humiliations
endure a lot of things  ugly but
then it's the suffering that goes on
inside that makes you explode, I mean, I
remember, now I see it from the outside, I
held up very well, very well, all the
pressure because I had, people don't
have, I have written a book that
Snchez Dragn okay, he corrected it for me and he
has it with my children in a safe to be
published the day I
die
okay because it is a very hard book about how the
whole process was and all the things
that happened, there are many things that
people don't know happened during the
process So when I die
that book will be published and it is a very
hard book because there are very hard things, very
hard
and in that time,
[ __ ], you look back and you say [ __ ]
while six years passed, not
past, past that time, I was
writing and he was correcting me and
Snchez Dragn was correcting me So
in the end I have almost 300 pages
written about the whole process from the
beginning until it came out, everything
that happened that people don't even know 30% of
what happened, not even 20, I mean,
a lot of media coverage went on, what was made
was noise so that  in case it didn't turn off
so they would take account but it was there
the whole [ __ ] time but inside it was
a struggle it was a very hard internal struggle
very hard in that book there have to be
feelings and venting not feelings
but above all facts
And why don't you want it to come out until
then well for that I hope so I think
a lot because I could get into
more than one problem
Ah okay So
like me the Fran that I know no no
but by facts there are facts okay there are
facts that maybe many times you can't
know no Exactly
So when you see it from the outside
calmer you say [ __ ] if I could have
controlled myself here control myself here but the thing is you ca
n't it's that you have so much
[ __ ] inside but not because you've
done something wrong but because there's someone
there that you feel for that person is
receiving [ __ ] from one side yes a lot of
pats on the back from another side but you
jump because it's a situation that you can't
control it's that you can't do
anything No matter how much you want to do there's no
money from the solutions there are no
friendships there's nothing that can solve it for you
it's the helplessness no no there's no there's that's
why I recently made a video  I
said that you have to be a real son of a [ __ ]
as a politician to vote against the
Ela law because
because you're telling a
person that is stuck in a box that ca
n't get out that they only see from the box they
only see you're telling them [ __ ] off
while you go on vacation and
And you know I mean that witch
comes out and says Happy Holidays to everyone she
can it makes you want to [ __ ] off and
say [ __ ] man let's
see if
because these are situations that
make you jump So when it's your
family
that if he did it he's a son of a [ __ ] and
everything you want but even if he's a
son of a [ __ ] in your case it's different
because it was toxic but even if it is but even
if his father did it his
mother his brother
Yes but even if he did it you suffer
for that person because you love them yes yes you
can do the worst that your parents
want they are not always going to be there
okay There is the man who took a long time they will
always be there the first plane
country to Thailand that will eat him are the
immediate family and those who are going to
suffer the most is the
immediate family and it will obviously affect them and  they
will have to start going to psychologists
from now on
because that is going to affect brutally
brutal in that sense if you will empathize
a lot with Rodolfo right now You won't be
thinking much about him and
I was thinking what it must be like to arrive
here a country that you don't know a language
that you know a written language that is not
understood by God laws that
are totally different from the European ones
Of course you are in Europe and more or less
everything is Roman law here the law
is what a monarch
wanted to make many years ago with a government that was sucking up to him
Maybe I'm
making laws that are 200 Maybe 300
years old who knows then
And on top of that, let's see I've lived here for
27 years or so he comes here
and suddenly finds himself with something that he does
n't know the world completely
deceive him they're going to try to get his
money they're going to try a thousand things
because
he's going to try whatever he can for his
son and if his son has killed
someone he's a son of a [ __ ] and deserves
jail and everything they throw at him but of course it's
like this it's like the wives or
the husbands of  alcoholics always
say what a shame the alcoholic is
fighting but no one thinks about the
part that is with the alcoholic you know I
mean they never think about the family they
think what a [ __ ]
a drug addict is trying to regenerate look but
nobody thinks about that mother that is there you
know so what this man is going to go
through now it
is something brutal it is something brutal and I'm
telling you not because of the shame not because of no because of
pain because of the pain inside because of the pain
because no you can't control anything and
I wish if he were in a second
prison in a parallel prison he
is also one for him you are already in a sentence
But you think that you are going to have to
travel to Spain
no Let's see it's that people are telling him there is
no treaty for the cool one to
comply there is a treaty but the prisoner
has to serve his sentence in Thailand
you cannot sentence someone to 30
years in prison and send him to Spain
with a different law and a
different prison law I mean he is going to have to
think that they will sentence him to so many years
but no way It's not that it is good let's
see you see while  may be the same
sentence but of course not maybe maybe it
happens and then I have to keep my
mouth shut and say look
but it's absurd or I mean that thing about there being
an extradition treaty to see if
he kills the Colombian gentleman in Spain he
escapes Thailand the extradition means they
take him to Spain but the
crimes he has committed in Spain but
the crime was committed in
Thailand under Thai law Under the
kingdom of Thailand you have broken the
Irish law not Spanish law no but you have to
have the whole example of this man
that they mentioned and I can't think of any example that
comes to mind I can't think of
any other example in which you are
sentenced in a country well of course what they
are asking is that you be sentenced
based on that law but that the prison be that
of Spain instead of the it can't be
because the law is different the
prison law is different and in Spain this
boy would arrive in Spain and after four
to five years he would be on the street
with permits that is unthinkable here
So when they are saying no the one
extradition how are you
going to eat here year if he is convicted he is
going to eat here years or any
person but if you have to is that you also
have the example of Segarra who is a
Spaniard who six years ago was convicted
of killing another Spaniard and cutting him into
pieces and throwing him into the Canal Exactly the
same as what happened but instead
of a Colombian it was a Spaniard and it was in
Thailand in bang and he has been sentenced to
death penalty which by royal grace was
commuted to life
imprisonment and yes an extradition can be done
but after a time which will be
eight years and at 8 years he can
leave Thailand to a Spanish prison
but that time he has to serve
because if not if not it would be laughing you
would be laughing at therapy
you believe in reintegration Frank
reintegration yes a person who
commits well it depends on what type of
crimes cannot later be a person who is
cured I mean by cured it
depends I do not believe in reintegration of
rape
personally rape I
rape that is approved approved
approved and really they are repeat offenders I
know that it can be an illness but  I
would condemn that to the direct death penalty
and that's it, to be [ __ ] because
the rapist suffers and the victims suffer, that
or things like children, I am me. Of course, but let's
see,
fascist who doesn't have human rights.
No, no, but I agree with you,
call it children's things too.
I would condemn it to the death penalty,
but I don't care what they say, it's
not that Human Rights, I
always ask for the same thing and the right of a
child, you have taken away his entire [ __ ] life
so that you can then no, no, I would
sentence him to the death penalty
directly,
reintegration, well, [ __ ] everyone. I
can fight with someone tomorrow, hit him
and kill him, then you can
make a mistake in your life, you're going to have to
pay for it, but oh well. I
believe that the reintegration of that guy, yes, he
could be a thief, he could
be a thousand things, but there are
crimes, I'm
telling you, rape, not a guy who has already
killed twice, the second time, come on,
come on, put him in the gas chamber, let him
be now, I mean, I believe that there can be
reintegration in someone who is really
repentant and look, I met
years ago in Burma an ETA member who had
escaped, he had
escaped from the Basque Country but he
had escaped from the ETA members who was
when he was a mother,
no, the same ETA members were killing them do you
remember when I Hear When all these
people who were killing each other there was
a story I met one who lives on all
vibrates still in Burma I
met him in Burma he lived in a town he had a
wife he had a daughter and
the guy told me with a
story he says you're 18 years old they
give you this they give you that you think you're God
and he told me I never killed anyone or
for anyone but I followed people passing by to
see he wrote down the times he wrote down this and that
and I knew they were going to kill him he says of
course then you look at it from another point of
view when you're already there you say
what nonsense
but he's still a son of a [ __ ] for what he
had done but I believe that
people can realize many
things okay And when you make a mistake
and this kid doesn't look like it Maybe
he's a psychopath mind you but this
kid  has done that,
nothing is known about the previous one either, but let's see,
whatever it is,
everyone can make a mistake, let them
pay for it. If it was him, let them
pay for it. And if it was his decision to
dismember the body, to do all that, let them
pay what they have to pay and then, hey,
if you get out of jail after serving
your sentence and you've served the sentence, no
one is going to bring the other person back to life,
okay, bring back
time, bring back
time is impossible, I mean, going back,
no, but it is true that there are crimes
that I do think should be
punished with something more than jail,
especially this type of crime that we
are mentioning. Look at this law, this one,
that has released so many
rapists from jail, house for every thousand one
hundred rapists there was one, I can't
tell you his name, I read it the other day in the
media that the guy was a repeat offender, I mean, he
already had a longer sentence for
repeat offenses and he got out and he
violated that again,
those who legislate should do what they
have to do, I understand, I understand that
I know that all this sounds very
Rambo and it sounds very bad  they touch my
daughter and there is no cancer there is no cancer but
each one has their thing there are people who have
justice,
I touch a child, I mean that girl then not with me I mean when I hear a guy who raped I don't know what girl says how or I mean or I mean like no no a son of a [ __ ] who deserves to be killed as soon as he gets to
jail he raped a girl it
should be published like this but since
we are with this do-gooderism what
happens is that all these Buddhists when they
have children realize that [ __ ] let's
see if they are going to touch my girl you know That's
the [ __ ] problem So there are crimes
that shouldn't be or
I mean it's that
I know that
legally that Human Rights are
their [ __ ] mother but the rights of a
person who kills a person who is a
monster what happened to Marta del Castillo you
have followed the whole case and the whole
story How the [ __ ] can you be
laughing at justice like that Look you put them
in a [ __ ] room and until they talk you don't get it
out that
in another country
from the grandfather to the cousin to someone who was
passing by  you put them all in and even
Hey, that's it, but it's that laugh, that
cheating, that guy, that's inhuman, that's
[ __ ] inhuman So that man, that
man is that man in my life, I've
said it many times to my
lifelong neighbor and you see him, the
man, go on, the man The Man gives me one,
but that's it They reported him, reported him
for, I don't know what the [ __ ] I remember, I don't know
who offered, he had to pay for
things because because it was him, he had to
pay the costs for, I don't know if it was for
one of the procedures that he opened I don't
know if it was because he was trying because he
tried to open a procedure for or
one of the resources, man, the joke of
the law of this country now he's
looking to have a baby, if it's not that he has
left pregnant, which is what you
ask yourself, look at the prisons we
're talking about, no Fran Well
now it turns out that Miguel Carcao, who
has a girlfriend but has already had a
couple of hers and who has a girlfriend who is
the relative of a fellow inmate and who
will already be pregnant, the best and you say,
and how the [ __ ] has this guy met a
girl so much so that he has a  relationship
with her to the point that they have decided to have I mean
the prison here is
a patio my God
the justice of Spain there are things that there are
too many I don't know how to say
permissiveness it is
too many rights I understand that
rights are important But you
can't when you hear that a guy
had been arrested 11 times before he
killed someone who had been arrested
30 times before he raped or I mean I'll
tell you one thing they arrested me in the
United States once okay the fear that
happened was [ __ ] okay Who in
Thailand has a couple of problems
but for things that weren't criminal or
anything every time I see the police
Even though I know them and even though I know
how the system works I have many
friends within the police whatever you
want it imposes on me
and a trial imposes on me okay I'm not going to
tell you a trial if it were criminal but the thing is that
in Spain
people think Oh nothing this I
mean and you're talking about that for
example there will be that we're already talking about
things like immigration and all this you
here in Thailand your visa expires they
catch you they deport you and they don't let you
back  enter and I don't remember they
put him in the immigration prison at
the airport until the embassy or his
family give him a ticket I was going to
ask you before I don't remember what we
were talking about and I was going to
ask you about here in Spain I think
the jail It should be the types of
jail depending on the type of crime
maybe not the same a jail
for a Miguel Calao than for a
castafao uncle I don't know you know a scam a
crime of
another type of crime but I was going to
ask you that there for example there are those
types of immigration problems
is that if you don't have a visa they kick you out they
kick you out I mean and you even if you have a visa you
commit a [ __ ] crime tomorrow I commit
a crime and I'm out on the [ __ ] street you
Get a point of crime and you go to and you
go to Spain the [ __ ] street I mean you ca
n't have a criminal record and
things like that not a Thai Yes but me
like this yes I I don't have the
visa issue But if I were let's say
a foreigner you come here tomorrow to
work and you're working you work
for a company you commit a crime
visa revoked you go home  I
mean, I see it well It's like it's not, I'm not
talking about a criminal offense but I'm talking
about a crime,
the visa is not going to be renewed, it's not
going to be renewed And if your
visa expires, it's not going to be renewed and
you enter Here illegally and you go to
jail, I mean, this is not that poor thing, no,
no, my poor thing, not even his [ __ ] mother I
mean, out on the [ __ ] street you go to jail,
so these are things
that can be seen, let's see, there are cases and cases and cases and of
course generalizing but
here we give allowance Exactly but for some reason, of
course, for some reason here it is always said
Thais first, I remember, let's see
why I didn't believe in the vaccine and I didn't get the
vaccine and well, you didn't say it, but for
example, when
the vaccines were being given here, the Prime Minister came out and
said the vaccines are first for
Thais,
then for residents who are not
Thai, and then the rest go
for it,
but first it's Thais and then
foreigners
And it was like that If you want a vaccine and you don't
want it, you go to a private hospital and
pay for it  You order it, it wouldn't be
her, yes, but I wanted to
put it on, I didn't want to put the [ __ ] on it